W-11331265 shared tenancy (#829)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/shared-tenancy.adoc

= Configuring Shared Tenancy in Runtime Fabric

Shared tenancy enables you to deploy Runtime Fabric alongside other services in a Kubernetes cluster. By limiting permissions in your Runtime Fabric cluster, you can allow access only to resources within namespaces assigned to Runtime Fabric. 

With shared tenancy, you have control of the creation of the following Runtime Fabric resources:

* Namespaces
* RoleBindings
* ServiceAccounts

== How Shared Tenancy Works

At install time, you provide a configuration file that consists of your namespaces, ServiceAccounts, ClusterRoles/Roles, and RoleBindings.

Runtime Fabric installs the rtf-agent in the Runtime Fabric namespace, and it has access to any additional namespaces you create.

=== Example

> The following is an example of a rtf:agent ClusterRole that allows everything regarding cronjobs. available in the whole cluster, but doesn’t itself grant permissions for the whole cluster. It’s available in the whole cluster, but doesn’t itself grant permissions for the whole cluster.

Reviewer: This paragraph is confusing and repeats text. What I'm understanding from this is:

The following is an example of a _rtf:agent ClusterRole_ that allows every action/command regarding _cronjobs_ that are available in the cluster but does not grant any additional permissions for the cluster.

Please check if this is correct and make the necessary modifications.

Author: ooof, copy/paste error, but you're right.

Author: This is what it's supposed to say 

The following is an example of a Runtime Fabric agent ClusterRole that allows all cronjob actions (`verbs`). The ClusterRole is available in the whole cluster, but it doesn’t yet have permissions for the whole cluster.

> The following is an example of a rtf:agent ClusterRole that allows everything regarding cronjobs. available in the whole cluster, but doesn’t itself grant permissions for the whole cluster. It’s available in the whole cluster, but doesn’t itself grant permissions for the whole cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
The following is an example of a Runtime Fabric agent ClusterRole that allows all cronjob actions (`verbs`). The ClusterRole is available in the whole cluster, but it doesn’t yet have permissions for the whole cluster.
```

[source,yaml]
----
kind: ClusterRole
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
 name: rtf:agent
rules:
- apiGroups:
 - batch
 resources:
 - cronjobs
 verbs:
 - create
 - delete
 - deletecollection
 - get
 - list
 - patch
 - update
 - watch
----
   

> Runtime Fabric will then create required RoleBinding objects which will use the ClusterRole rtf:agent to allow corresponding ServiceAccount to perform various actions (verbs) on cronjobs in two namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Fabric creates the required RoleBinding objects which use the ClusterRole rtf:agent to allow corresponding ServiceAccount to perform various actions (verbs) on cronjobs in two namespaces.
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: rtf:agent-1
  namespace: namespace1
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: rtf:agent
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: rtf-agent-sa
  namespace: default
---
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: rtf:agent-2
  namespace: namespace2
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: rtf:agent
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: rtf-agent-sa
  namespace: default
----
 
== Configure Shared Tenancy 

> 

Reviewer: add an intro sentence to this task?

. Create the Kubernetes objects required to install the Runtime Fabric agent:
+
* Namespaces
* ClusterRoles/Roles
* RoleBindings
* ServiceAccounts

> . Run some commands

Reviewer: which commands?
